Add Chainguard Images Overview integration (ECOINT-125) (#2621)
DataDog/integrations-extras: chainguard_images_overview/README.md

> # Chainguard Images Overview

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Chainguard
```

## Overview

> The Chainguard Images dashboard shows existing containers which can be migrated to Chainguard images. All Chainguard Images are minimal, contain zero CVEs and come equipped with guarded protection under our remediation SLA.

Reviewer: [Add 1-2 sentences about Chainguard]. All Chainguard Images are minimal, contain zero CVEs and come equipped with guarded protection under our remediation SLA.

This integration includes an out-of-the-box dashboard that displays existing containers eligible for migration to Chainguard images. [Add 1-2 sentences about what else the dashboard can tell users]

## Setup

The Chainguard Images Overview dashboard is available without any setup needed. The dashboard queries your existing Docker container metrics to visualize the data. 

> In order to get started with a Chainguard Image, find your image in https://images.chainguard.dev/ and follow the directions to pull it

Reviewer: The included out-of-the-box dashboard automatically queries existing Docker container metrics collected by the Datadog Agent. No additional setup is required.

To start using a Chainguard Image, visit [Chainguard Images](https://images.chainguard.dev/), find your desired image, and follow the instructions to pull it.

## Uninstallation

There are no uninstallation steps needed since the Chainguard Images Overview dashboard queries your existing Docker container metrics. 

> On order to uninstall a Chainguard Image you're using, please remove all references to your Chainguard Image and revert back to the original image

Reviewer: To remove the out-of-the-box dashboard, go to the Chainguard integration tile, navigate to the Configure tab, and click **Uninstall Integration**.

To uninstall a Chainguard Image, remove all references to it in your configuration and revert to the original image.

## Support

> Please reach out to our Support team following the instructions on this page: https://www.chainguard.dev/contact

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To reach our support team, please follow the instructions on our [Contact page](https://www.chainguard.dev/contact).
```

# Chainguard

## Overview

> Chainguard allows developers to reduce engineering toil to manage CVEs, build on a secure foundation of open source software and also streamline compliance across the company against business-critical frameworks like FedRAMP, PCI-DSS, SOC2 and others. Our product, Chainguard Containers, are minimal, contain zero CVEs and come equipped with guarded protection under our remediation SLA. All 1200+ of our images are built from source, scanned and patched for CVEs regularly. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Chainguard allows developers to reduce engineering toil associated with managing Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVEs), build on a secure foundation of open-source software, and streamline compliance across the company against business-critical frameworks like FedRAMP, PCI-DSS, SOC2, and others. Our product, Chainguard Containers, is minimal, contains zero CVEs, and comes equipped with guarded protection under our remediation SLA. All 1200+ of our images are built from source and are regularly scanned and patched for CVEs. 
```

> This integration includes an out-of-the-box dashboard that displays existing containers eligible for migration to Chainguard Containers. You can quickly see long-running containers which may be end-of-life and eligible for an update to a secure container. Additionally, if you're a customer of CSM Infrastructure Vulnerabilities, you can see which containers have the most CVEs, and in turn, should be migrated to Chainguard earlier. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This integration includes an out-of-the-box dashboard that displays existing containers eligible for migration to Chainguard Containers. You can quickly see long-running containers that may be nearing end-of-life and need to be updated to a secure container. Additionally, if you're a customer of CSM Infrastructure Vulnerabilities, you can see which containers have the highest number of  CVEs, indicating they should be migrated to Chainguard sooner. 
```

## Setup

> The included out-of-the-box dashboard automatically queries existing Docker container metrics collected by the Datadog Agent. No additional setup is required.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The out-of-the-box dashboard automatically queries existing Docker container metrics collected by the Datadog Agent. No additional setup is required. 
```

> To start using a Chainguard Image, visit [Chainguard Images][1], find your desired image, and follow the instructions to pull it.

Reviewer 2: Which instructions? Is there a link?

Reviewer: Each Chainguard image will have it's own instructions - so after a user navigates to the [1] link and finds the image they want, they'll be presented with the appropriate instructions.

## Uninstallation

To remove the out-of-the-box dashboard, go to the Chainguard integration tile, navigate to the Configure tab, and click **Uninstall Integration**.

To uninstall a Chainguard Image, remove all references to it in your configuration and revert to the original image.

## Support

> To reach our support team, please follow the instructions on our [Contact page][2].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Need help? Contact [Chainguard support][2].
```
